Now for whom lab you can actually build a point to point serial link without A C issue D issue.
So in the real world you would connect the DTC side of the cable to the router and the DCs side of the
cable to a C issue D issue but for home labs you can actually use a back to back serial cable.
So in the real world you would connect the DTV side of the cable to the router and the DC side to this
issue the issue but a back to back cable has a DC side and DTV side and has connectors that allow you
to directly attach to routers to each other.
So this provides a back to back cable the cable side determines whether you have the DTV or DC side
connected to the router.
So internally the cable is crossing the connection in a similar way to a crossover cable anything at
the command show controllers serial and your serial interface number will allow you to determine whether
you have the DC side or DTC side of the cable.
And I'll demonstrate that in a moment.
So for the real world they are different types of cables.
You have what are called thirty five cables.
Here's an example of a 35 DTV cable which is the male side of the connector.
You could connect a cable to a cable to create to the back to back connection but it's easier these
days just to buy pre-built tabac cables.
Here's an example of a 21 female DC cable and DTG male connector.
What you'll notice is that the male side is the key and the female side is the DC.
Here's an example of an EIA TR 83 to cable both DC and DTV as well as EIA T.I. a 4 4 9 DC and DTV.
Once again in a lab you probably just want to connect the devices using a pre-built back to back cable
and you can buy these from E-bay as an example.